we have taken one more doubt one more doubt
for someone who has it that is a
suffering team that works and wins the
last week we have taken it out a late
team that is losing and goes back that is
it makes us grow a lot and that's how it is not the
path
people ask
defensively speaking finally
Y
yes without doubt without hesitation an approach
an approach that had a lot to do
with this match a line of three
a huge job in all colors
offensive band players who have
known to defend young people from above that
know how to press the entrance has been
perfect I also came what I have
saying
if you have to be self-critical it would be critical
in the football that we have done
it has not been pretty soccer porn I did not have
it did not play but the merit of
our players have been fantastic
who has come here today to the stadium has
seen an honest soccer team and
worker that you have to be like that for
win
solbes
if it had to do with this match of a
option that we discussed had more than one
line of 2-2 two lanes one half the
center and two forwards because we knew
that the party can be followed there with
people in the area
and the work they speak they have done
had a lot to do with this one option
plus
for our team because you have to be
versatile
wish all the tourists parties
health agostinas
I'm sure it's going to look like
have an opportunity to congratulate the
street I think they do a huge job
I believe that the dynamic that comes from
last year it allows them to be so
powerful
in a competition the Spanish league that
is that it is complicated with a lot of quality
congratulate the work I have done
personally and I wish everyone the hobby
to see how he has behaved because he is
a pleasure to come here to play hopefully last
many years good thank you